US - English

Product Sign In

Choose Your Industry
toggle menu
Products
Insights and Resources
About Us
toggle menu
Contact
Press Room
Home  About Us  News Room  Press Releases
LexisNexis Risk Solutions Acquires Human API
Share

04/25/2023

ATLANTA — LexisNexis® Risk Solutions, part of RELX, today announced it has acquired Human API, a leading provider of a proprietary consumer-driven data platform. LexisNexis Risk Solutions and Human API will deliver a next-generation consumer consent management solution that enables more seamless delivery of data. This approach empowers consumers with better access to their healthcare data and insurance resources that can improve care coordination and automate life insurance underwriting.

“Together, we can put digitized healthcare information more quickly at the fingertips of the people who need it — whether that be consumers, healthcare organizations or life insurance carriers,” said Bill Madison, CEO of Insurance, LexisNexis Risk Solutions. “Human API and LexisNexis Risk Solutions can create a more seamless method of delivering sensitive health records while maintaining the industry’s data privacy standards and helping the healthcare and insurance communities improve and protect people’s lives.”

Innovative technology from LexisNexis Risk Solutions and Human API enables patients to easily provide their care teams with access to the critical health information they need to make more informed decisions to improve care and helps consumers provide the important healthcare data insurance companies need to more quickly and easily offer life insurance.

“We are incredibly excited about what our combined vision can deliver for the industries and partners we serve. LexisNexis Risk Solutions can help accelerate the path Human API has been on to solve deep and complex industry challenges and serve the foundational needs of consumers and enterprises,” added Andrei Pop, CEO of Human API, part of LexisNexis Risk Solutions.

About LexisNexis Risk Solutions
LexisNexis® Risk Solutions leverages the power of data, advanced analytics platforms and integrated AI solutions to provide insights that help businesses across multiple industries and governmental entities reduce risk and improve decisions to benefit people around the globe. Headquartered in metro Atlanta, Georgia, we have offices throughout the world and are part of RELX (LSE: REL/NYSE: RELX), a global provider of information-based analytics and decision tools for professional and business customers. For more information, please visit LexisNexis Risk Solutions and RELX.

About RELX
RELX is a global provider of information-based analytics and decision tools for professional and business customers. The Group serves customers in more than 180 countries and has offices in about 40 countries. It employs more than 35,000 people over 40% of whom are in North America. The shares of RELX PLC, the parent company, are traded on the London, Amsterdam and New York stock exchanges using the following ticker symbols: London: REL; Amsterdam: REN; New York: RELX. The market capitalization is approximately £51.7bn/€58.5bn/$64.4bn.

About Human API
Human API’s Health Intelligence Platform connects and converts health data into actionable intelligence that accelerates underwriting, improves placement rates, and creates better customer experiences. The company’s platform is powered by a robust and comprehensive data network which includes access to electronic health records (EHR) networks, health information exchanges (HIEs), patient portals, and traditional APS retrieval partners. Coupled with smart evidence orchestration capabilities that optimize for the best data retrieval paths and a reporting engine that presents useful information to underwriters at the right time, Human API’s solution is helping leading carriers easily access and use health data to transform underwriting and customer experiences. To learn more, visit HumanAPI.co.

Media Contacts

Regina Haas
Sr. Director, Communications
Insurance and Connected Car and Coplogic Solutions
regina.haas@lexisnexisrisk.com
+1.678.896.1463
Syed Shabbir
Director, Communications
Insurance and Healthcare
syed.shabbir@lexisnexisrisk.com
+1.816.572.7709

Industries

Collections and Recovery
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
Insurance
Law Enforcement and Public Safety
Corporations and Non-Profits

Our Products

View Our Products

Insights and Resources

Article
Case Study
Blog
Infographic
Podcast
Research
Video
Webinar
White Paper

About Us

Business Overview
Executive Leadership
Our Technology
Careers
Press Room
Experts
Corporate Service Partnerships
Government Alliances
Healthcare Partnerships
Insurance Partnerships
Site Map

Contact

Sales
Customer Support
Consumer Assistance
Media Contacts
Industry Analyst
Career Opportunities
Report Security Issue
Provide Feedback

Policies

Terms and Conditions
Legal Notices
Reporting Requirements
Privacy Policy
US Privacy Notice
Cookie Settings
Cookie Policy
Consumer and Data Access
Ad Choices
Your Privacy Choices 
LexisNexis® Risk Solutions, part of RELX.

Copyright © 2026 LexisNexis Risk Solutions.

Share