Healthify - Your All-in-One Nutrition & Lifestyle Tracker with AI Insights. Home Dietitian CGM About us Get Started Home Dietitian CGM About us Get Started Home Dietitian CGM About Us Get Healthify App Meet Healthify Meet Healthify - Where AI Meets Human Expertise for Better Health. Healthify brings together intelligent nutrition tracking and real dietitian guidance to help you lose weight, eat better, and feel your best - all in one powerful app. Get Healthify App for $25/mo FREE! Pricing Meet Ria Your AI assistant, Ria, is always available to answer health and fitness questions, offer personalized meal and workout suggestions, and provide lifestyle advice. Meet Healthify Meet Healthify - Where AI Meets Human Expertise for Better Health. Healthify brings together intelligent nutrition tracking and real dietitian guidance to help you lose weight, eat better, and feel your best - all in one powerful app. Get Healthify App for $25/mo FREE! AI Nutrition Tracking Experience the Best of Nutrition AI at your Fingertips! Snap No More Typing. Just Snap & Log Food in Minutes Seconds. Snap a photo and let AI instantly analyze absolutely anything - plate or a packet! Auto Snap - First Ever in the World! Auto-Track Food Straight from Your Phone Gallery! Healthify’s AI detects food photos from your gallery and logs them. Just snap a picture, and we’ll track it! AI Food Search But when you do type - Search, and log with AI - Find any Food! Pricing Meet Ria Your AI assistant, Ria, is always available to answer health and fitness questions, offer personalized meal and workout suggestions, and provide lifestyle advice. Real-Time AI Chat & Calls Never Feel Alone in Your Journey with Your Own Personal AI Ria. AI Ria Chat Need Food Ideas, Recipes, or Health Advice? Just Ask Ria! There’s nothing AI Ria can’t help you with! AI Ria Voice Call - Coming Soon Talk to Ria - On Call like You Would with a Friend. Features Goals Get a Holistic Health Overview Get a 360-degree view of your health and lifestyle with actionable feedback to elevate your wellness journey. Pricing Meet Ria Your AI assistant, Ria, is always available to answer health and fitness questions, offer personalized meal and workout suggestions, and provide lifestyle advice. Fitness & Beyond! Go Beyond Nutrition. Unlock Insights from Across All Your Trackers. Complete Health Overview Get a Holistic Health Overview Get a 360-degree view of your health and lifestyle with actionable feedback to elevate your wellness journey. Easy Health Sync Sync with Apple Health for a Complete Health Picture. Seamlessly connect with Apple Health and similar devices to automatically sync your fitness and lifestyle data. Ready to TransformYour Health? Work with a nutritionist who fits your needs best. Find My Nutritionist 40 Million+ Users Trust Healthify Testimonials Success Stories That Inspire Sophia T. “I needed structure in my life. My Dietitian really helped me get that.” Sophia T. “I needed structure in my life. My Dietitian really helped me get that.” Sophia T. “I needed structure in my life. My Dietitian really helped me get that.” Pricing Meet Ria Your AI assistant, Ria, is always available to answer health and fitness questions, offer personalized meal and workout suggestions, and provide lifestyle advice. Healthify Nutritionists Healthify Dietitian CGM About Us Healthify x OpenAI Copyright © HealthifyMe Wellness Private Limited Redefine fitness with HealthifyPro: Expert guidance from the world’s best coaches Get Started