Healthifyme Care | Care How it Works? Offerings Customers Demo Extending care beyond the Hospital Get your organisation on board India's Leading Digital Lifestyle Modification Platform Powered by HealthifyMe . Request a Demo Learn More How it works ? HealthifyMe Nutritionists work with patients on critical areas of diet adherence and patient motivation once the patient leaves the consultation room Empower Digitally Nutritionist get daily insights into patients lifestyles via the application and hence enable sustainable changes one step at a time. Patients get macronutrient and calorie budget based on condition and patient characteristics Deliver Measurable Impact Offering We have a 3 pillar strategy to fulfil all your corporate health & wellness requirements. --> For Physicians Best in class digital experts mapped to doctors Clinical dietitians, diabetes educators and internationally certified exercise yoga coaches Regular lifestyle reports give greater visibility and patient connect post consultation For Institutions Power up your health check and OPD with the latest in nutrition science Set a new benchmark for patient engagement post OPD / Discharge Achieve better clinical outcomes and higher standard of care for patients Testimonials I married early and delivered a baby soon after. My weight breached the 100 kg mark and needed some serious intervention. Now, my diabetes condition has been managed and I have lost about 17 kgs. Rashmi Sudarshan Lost 17 Kgs post bariatric surgery HealthifyMe not only helped me lose weight, but helped me move to a healthier lifestyle for good. Dr. Anu Jain Lost 8 kg in 7 months After being adviced by a doctor to lose weight, I took up HealthifyMe. I lose 6.2 kgs in 2 months and my thyroid levels are back to normal. Manoj Kumar Acharya Lost 10.2 kgs in three months Request a Demo Thank you! We’ll get back to you shortly. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form :( HealthifyMe How it Works Offerings Customers Copyright 2016 HealthifyMe Wellness Products and Services Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Conditions We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website Read More CLOSE AND ACCEPT