What we test
FAQs
Log in
Become a member
Menu
Log in
Be a member
Explore
What we test
How it works
FAQ
About
Company
Blog
Terms & Conditions

Regacore Private Limited ("Regacore", "we", "us"), is the author and publisher of the internet resource regacore.com and the mobile application 'Regacore' (together, "Website").

1. Nature and Applicability of Terms

Please carefully go through these terms and conditions ("Terms") and the Privacy Policy available at Privacy Policybefore you decide to access the Website or avail the services made available on the Website by Regacore. These Terms and the Privacy Policy together constitute a legal agreement ("Agreement") between you and Regacore in connection with your visit to the Website and your use of the Services.

By downloading or accessing the Website to use the Services, you irrevocably accept all the conditions stipulated in this Agreement, as available on the Website, and agree to abide by them. We reserve the right to modify or terminate any portion of the Agreement for any reason and at any time.

The Agreement is published in compliance of, and is governed by the provisions of Indian law, including but not limited to the Indian Contract Act, 1872, the (Indian) Information Technology Act, 2000, and the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (the "DPDP Act").

2. Conditions of Use

You must be 18 years of age or older to register, use the Services, or visit or use the Website in any manner. By registering, visiting and using the Website or accepting this Agreement, you represent and warrant to Regacore that you are 18 years of age or older, and that you have the right, authority and capacity to use the Website and the Services available through the Website, and agree to and abide by this Agreement.

3. Terms of Use
3.1 End-User Account and Data Privacy

The User is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the User's account access information and password. The User shall immediately notify Regacore of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of the User's account or password.

The Services provided by Regacore or any of its licensors or service providers are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and without any warranties or conditions. Regacore does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any content or information provided by Users on the Website.

3.2 Nature of the Services and Relationship with Regacore

CRITICAL DISCLAIMER: Regacore is a digital health and wellness company and not a medical provider, a hospital, a clinical establishment, or a diagnostic laboratory. Regacore does not diagnose any condition and does not provide medical advice or treatment. Your use of Regacore does not create a licensed medical professional / patient relationship between Regacore and You.

Regacore Services must not be used for medical emergencies. In case of a medical emergency, you should immediately contact emergency services or a qualified healthcare professional.

3.3 The Services: Disclaimers and Limitations

Regacore's Services include features powered by artificial intelligence and machine learning models. By using these features, you expressly understand, acknowledge, and agree to the following critical limitations:

AI Generated Scores: Any biological age or organ specific scores are generated metrics intended for informational and educational purposes only. They are not a medical diagnosis.
Predictive Simulations: Digital twin or avatar simulations are not a factual, real-time representation of your physical body.
Personalized Recommendations: Any recommendations for diet, exercise, or supplements provided by Regacore are general informational suggestions only and are not a prescription or medical advice.
Structured Risk Reports: The structured risk report is a preventive screening output only. Where any risk is flagged, you must seek confirmation of the finding through further clinical testing and consult a Registered Medical Practitioner before taking any action.
7. Limitation of Liability

In no event shall the total aggregate liability of the Protected Entities to a User for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract or tort, including, but not limited to, negligence or otherwise) arising from this Agreement or a User's use of the Website or the Services exceed, in the aggregate Rs. 10000/- (Rupees Ten Thousand Only).

9. Applicable Law and Dispute Settlement

Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be determined by arbitration in India. The seat of such arbitration shall be Bengaluru. Subject to arbitration, the courts at Bengaluru shall have exclusive jurisdiction.

10. Contact Information Grievance Officer

If a User has any questions concerning Regacore, the Website, this Agreement, or the Services, customer support can be reached at support@regacore.com.

In accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000, and the rules made there under, if you have any grievance with respect to the Website or the service, you can contact our Grievance Officer [Designated Grievance Officer Name].

regacore

The premium operating system for human longevity. Quantify your biomarkers, outsmart aging, and unlock peak performance.

Platform
How it works
Biomarkers
Membership
Medical Board
Company
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Stay Updated

Join our newsletter for the latest breakthroughs in preventative longevity medicine.

Subscribe
Twitter/X
Instagram
LinkedIn
© 2026 regacore All rights reserved.
Designed for proactive human health.