Jump to Content
Guides
API Reference
Portal
Support and Knowledge base
Integration Status
HIP
Guides
Order Fulfillment Lifecycle
Search
CTRL-K
HUMAN API OVERVIEW
Health Intelligence Platform
Security
GETTING STARTED
Integration Overview
Configuring "Order Types"
Integration Best Practices
Brand Guidelines
API
Overview
Authentication
Issue an authenticated call
API Reference
ORDERS
Submitting Orders
Cancelling Orders
Order Attributes
Order Guidelines
ORDER LIFECYCLE
Order Fulfillment Lifecycle
UNIFIED EVENTS PIPELINE
Order Summary Notification
APS Status Notes Notification
TASK MANAGER INTEGRATED FLOW
Task Manager
Callback
Consumer Link
REPORTS
Report Types
Reports API
Reports Delivery
Shipment to Pre-signed URLs
PRODUCER SUBSCRIPTIONS
Create Subscription
Get Subscribers
Order Fulfillment Lifecycle

After an order is submitted, it may take anywhere from minutes to days to complete the order and retrieve data. During that time, the order will transition in state (potentially multiple times). Order fulfillment covers the complete process from when a request is made all the way through delivery of medical records to the client.

Order states
Phase	Description
Created	We’ve received your request, but have not started the order yet. Orders will only be in this state for a short time. (< 5 minutes)
In Progress	We are actively processing the order
Pended	The order is suspended due to a required input or decision. One or more tasks are open and need to be resolved
Completed	An order is completed successfully when we have delivered the medical records or unsuccessfully when we’re unable to retrieve data within the allocated time frame
Cancelled	The order is cancelled
Order state transitions

Along its lifecycle, an order will transition from a state to another based on lifecycle events.

From	Trigger
Created >> In Progress	The order has officially started in our back end.
In Progress >> Pended	The order is suspended due to a requirement of additional input. One or more tasks have been created and must be resolved.
Pended >> In Progress	All the open tasks have been resolved. The order fulfillment is resuming.
In Progress >> Completed	The order fulfillment is complete (either we have delivered data or we couldn’t find any in time)
Pended >> Completed	The order timed out.
In Progress >> Cancelled	We have received a request to cancel the order
Pended >> Cancelled	We have received a request to cancel the order
When do you need to monitor the order’s lifecycle?
You want users of your system to track progress directly from within your application (without having to visit the Human API Portal).
You want to trigger an automated business process based on the order lifecycle transitions (e.g. retrieve specific records when the order is complete).

Updated 5 months ago

Order Guidelines
Order Summary Notification
Copy Page
Order states
Order state transitions
When do you need to monitor the order’s lifecycle?