Jump to Content
Guides
API Reference
Portal
Support and Knowledge base
Integration Status
HIP
Guides
Report Types
Search
CTRL-K
HUMAN API OVERVIEW
Health Intelligence Platform
Security
GETTING STARTED
Integration Overview
Configuring "Order Types"
Integration Best Practices
Brand Guidelines
API
Overview
Authentication
Issue an authenticated call
API Reference
ORDERS
Submitting Orders
Cancelling Orders
Order Attributes
Order Guidelines
ORDER LIFECYCLE
Order Fulfillment Lifecycle
UNIFIED EVENTS PIPELINE
Order Summary Notification
APS Status Notes Notification
TASK MANAGER INTEGRATED FLOW
Task Manager
Callback
Consumer Link
REPORTS
Report Types
Reports API
Reports Delivery
Shipment to Pre-signed URLs
PRODUCER SUBSCRIPTIONS
Create Subscription
Get Subscribers
Report Types
Overview

Reports are distinct representations of electronic health records. Different reports are designed to serve different use cases. Human readable reports are available in PDF or HTML while reports for programmatic use cases are available as JSON.

Reports are compiled shortly after we get an authorization from an individual and retrieve the data from their healthcare providers.

There are different ways to download a report. Either manually from our Enterprise Portal or automatically, using the API or an automated ”push” delivery system.

Types of available reports and formats

You may want the data to be organized and presented differently to meet your use case. You may need to see the entirety of a patient’s medical record or a concise version. You may want to have the data organized historically or grouped by types. You may want to surface specific details only, such as lab results.

We provide a set of standard reports representing the same underlying patient medical record. You can download the reports in JSON, HTML or PDF.

Below, a list of the standard reports that we can make available.

Code	Description	Available Formats
clinicalhistory	

Clinical History
Clinical History is a complete medical record meant for full medical underwriting. Duplicate sections are removed resulting in significantly shorter records compared to the ccdraw Complete Medical Record report.

It is grouped into 2 major sections:
- The Clinical Timeline that shows encounter specific entries grouped by day
- The Summary Records section that shows summary entries that frequently span multiple days or years

This report is built to combine all available healthcare providers. Each provider authorized by the end consumer will be included in this report.

The Clinical History and Complete Medical Record reports both include the full health history available but Human API recommends the Clinical History Report for all use cases requiring a full medical record as it is significantly shorter without any data loss and offers much improved data formatting.

	HTML
PDF
highlights	Highlights Summary

Provides a summary of profile and health measurements. Organizes results by test results, social history and key conditions.	JSON
HTML
PDF
healthcheck	Health Check Summary

Provides a summary of profile and health measurements related to test results. Organizes results by chemistries, cardiovascular risk, BMI, blood pressure, lipid panel.	JSON
HTML
PDF
aps	

APS report

Attending Physician Statement. These range between a few dozen and several hundred pages of a patient’s medical history, including diagnoses, prescribed medications, and notes.

	PDF
fhir	

FHIR report

Structured data output that follows the industry standard FHIR R4 schema. Output is a zip file containing a set of ndjson files containing problems, procedures, vitals, etc. This comprehensive output includes all the data available in the record, and is intended to be ingested into a database for programmatic and analytical use cases.

	ZIP

Legacy Reports (available, but have been replaced by improved options)

Code	Description	Available Formats
ccdraw	

Complete medical record

Superseded by the Clinical History report.
The entire medical record of a patient , directly rendered from the CCD-A documents. This report renders the data as close as it can get to the original charts retrieved from the source EHR.

This report is generated only when the user connects a data source that provides CCDA files. It’s typically not available from pharmacies or independent lab networks.

This report is built separately for each healthcare provider. Each provider authorized by the end consumer may have their own report.

	HTML
PDF
apidata	

Bulk export of the clinical API

This report aggregates the output of the main clinical API endpoints for a given individual. It’s equivalent to calling all the ​Clinical API​ endpoints (except ccd and narratives) and concatenating the responses together.

	JSON

Updated 5 months ago

Consumer Link
Reports API
Copy Page
Overview
Types of available reports and formats